<260627

So I accidentally forgot to save the log that existed before I started writing today but it was mostly about me finding out about the
different alternatives that existed for gathering process data and then narrowing it down to ETW instead of like WMI or
CreateToolhelp32Snapshot because WMI unnecessarily "wrapped up" and the latter is unoptimal for continously tracking processes. ETW
on the other hand is basically exactly what I was looking for, a low-level system-intergrated API which runs continously and returns
lots of rich data.

And I chose Rust for the language because I wanted to.

260627

Time to start coding and in Rust which I haven't even Hello World'd before.

So it seems that there are other languages that come with ready "ETW Intergration". Here they are:

C#, F# and Visual Basic have deep windows intergration via .NET
And .NET is a cross-platform software development platform that provides libraries, tools and a runtime for a few different languages
whereas C# is the most prominent one. And "cross-platform" refers to the fact that it works on both Linux, Windows, iOS and More.
In principle, .NET works as an abstraction layer between high-level code and different operating systems so that code can stay simple
and system interactions sort of clean.

Of course, abstraction isn't always good because it could scrape away some features that I might like.

C doesn't really have something "in it" that allows for easier interaction with ETW but the windows coding environment is made to be
interacted with using C.

There aren't many setbacks to using C to access ETW.

On the other hand, Rust and every other language generally use the same method accessing ETW. This method is called FFI (Foreign
Function Interface) and it does what it sounds like; makes it possible to call other language (usually C) functions from the native
language.

FFI proves to be one of the most important concepts when doing systems programming in Rust. At its' core it's just Rust calling code
that wasn't written in Rust, but how does it work if I were to implement it? Let's compare a normal function call to one using FFI:

fn add(a: i32, b: i32) -> i32 {
    a + b
}

fn main() {
    let x = add(5, 3);
}

When the compiler runs the function call, it already knows;

Where the function is

Its' paremeter types

Its' return type

That the calling convention is according to Rusts' ABI (Application Binary Interface)
Another new word. Basically the ABI handles how compiled code talks to other compiled code in memory. Not so basically, this means
that the ABI of different languages do the following things differently:

How function paremeters are passed

How return values are delivered

How structs (objects, classes and stuff) are structured in memory

How function and variable names end up looking in binary (also called "name mangling")

Further calling conventions such as how the stack is cleaned and just how a language looks in memory
